First :D
second :D
hilarious!
Who of you, assholes, gave this guy a thumb down!!
Wpisujcie miasta
Kto ogl¹da w 2017
You made my day, man! I laughed the shit outta me!!
do it again!!!
best ever
lol
cool cosplay :D
how much time did you prepare the costume, dude?
cannot believe he actually put there both feet, hilarious
the best is from 5:46 when he...
????? ????? ??? ???
Ich will ihn in meinem Garten, viel besser als ein Zwerg!!!
koleœ rozjeba³
love this guy!!
??????? ??????? ??? ? ???? ????? !!!
Ik vraag me af of hij de stap naar de emmer ook
Le moment le plus drôle est quand le flic le voit, regardez le visage d'arbre hahaha
omg it's a tree, how funny!!!
Marco, ma guarda quel idiota li' ahahahaha
love from Brazil
Dude, you should do it more!
Who else clicked thinking that it's another Peter Jackson's movie?
Cool video. Could I get some likes too? It's my 15th birthday plz
Anyone noticed his moss beard? Ahaha
I'm totally doing it today!
Quick tip – don't eat and watch that. Ever.
Happy Thanksgiving
ahahaaha
good one!
It hurts when I laugh but need to laugh so muuuuch
Who also has here the foot fetish?
Isn't it this tree from Hobbit?
Nice
7:43!!! ahahaha
Waterload!!!
Don't say now, we don't have enough green spaces in town
Ok I literally peed myself, will charge you for the dry cleaner ahahaha
I like this very much as they included disabled persons also motivated to work with themselves.?
good pranks
omg so good and fun
lol this was so funny
dude, you're the best, lookin forward to your next vids
5:15 LAUGHED MY FACE OFF
OMG mighty tree!!!
respect, man, wouldn't do it myself
top
I'm going to die of laughter
ahahahaha cool
isn't he similar to this one actor?
Who is that on 4:34
I like how that one dude takes advantage of his disability and scares people pretending to be a tree
that's good man
I want more!!!
i'm dying
:D :D :D
Please tell me someone where I can watch more videos with the trees!!! Hahahahahaha please someone tell me!!!!
wow just wow
Really funny guys, you made my laughed my heart out
Match him together with this spider dog joke plz!!
Never laughed so hard in my entire life
yes.
Funny
name of the creepy song plz
the only real prank channel on internet
glad there are real pranks out there
noone did it before!!
next Bushmann
dat tree
?finally cops will do some runnin
"OMG!!! WTF!!!! it's not funny!!!" Yes it is, you just have no sense of humor & are a huge bitch!!!?
You simply love him or hate him
Don't listen to dislikes, some people just don't have sense of humor
very funny
Love it! Amazing content! Can't wait to watch what else you guys come out with.?
zajebisty koleœ!!!
I've watched it thousand of times, still funny
I love this kind of pranks never fails to make me laugh thank you so much for uploading it is sooooo funnyyyyyyyyyy?
brilliant. this is amazing. :)?
Are you a man or a plant?
Nailed it!
Face of the cop when he sees it all, priceless
I've seen a lot of pranks. I like this one. It's hard to get mad at a bush.?
very well done
one more fountain and I will pee myself
Your amazing so funny we need you all around the world?
If I would see him live, I would be scared to death
LOL. and if you listen closely he's all like. don't hit me. don't hit me. hahahaha?
He's using a ghillie suit
ahaha cops ended up scaring a plant with the fine
are you a man or are you a woman? O_O im a tree ahaha
solid prank
Professor Oak.
save the trees!!
yeah bro, totally. We gotta scare em to humanise them ?
ooooh, he just wanted to drink something with his foot, cuuuute ahaha
omg i almost peed at 03:38?
i kno the cop at 2:12